# kashi_26
Shared office space in Delhi near me in good locality and atmosphere. wolk give us better atmosphere as well as a nice locality to make us more comfortable 
Co-working is introduced to provide space for the people who want to work as a freelancer or came from any another organization or company. Now a days every company demanding co-working space in every location because the company save lot of their expenditure on infrastructure, maintenance, electricity and monthly rent for the office .And also people from other organisation would get exposure to other works. 
Co-working provides the same facilities as we have in our office .Co-working refers to a group of persons who work individually with different work or same work.Every Co-working space provide a essential items like printer,wifi,tea,coffee and snacks available. Now A Days co-working is becoming more trending and becoming a social movements to change a method of work .   
Wolk India is  a company who provides the co-working shared space in Nehru Place ,New  Delhi which offers you many  attractive packages for day to day use. They have many facilities like conference room for meetings/ Cafeteria/ tea/coffee/wifi etc. You may join their membership also . Wolk India Gives you a same atmosphere as office you did not feel like you are away from your office .  
 5 important benefits of co-working spaces

Benefits of co-working spaces.
•	Productivity
Imagine an environment without the stuffiness of corporate office space, but still more structure than your home office. Fewer formalities and distractions equal more productivity. Being surrounded by other hardworking professionals like you can also give you the extra boost of motivation. You will also have access to professional amenities like fully equipped conference rooms that will help you make the right impression all while increasing your productivity. 
•	Community
Being a freelancer or small business can be difficult when you do not have a sense of community. With co-working spaces, you can still work by yourself but not alone. You will be introduced to many individuals that can serve as resources or sounding boards. At many co-working spaces, they also provide educational and partnership platforms that will serve as resources to help grow your business.
•	New business
Not only do co-working spaces encourage a great sense of community but they bolster business by fostering connections. Many co-working members and tenants have noticed ,a significant increase in new clients due to the relationship they have established at their place of work. Co-working spaces give your business more exposure to a diverse group of potential clients. It is also a great way to find new people to work with. That local designer you have been looking for might just be sitting next to you! 
•	Increased wellbeing
We all know the importance of work-life balance but unfortunately, a lot of today’s workplaces do not have an environment to support that. With amenities that promote healthy work-life balance include on-site yoga studios, being dog friendly, and even free beer and snacks, you can do your job in a healthier more relaxed environment .We all know that employee well-being does not just make people happy but also makes a business happy to buy driving profits. 
•	Convenient locations
People do not always have to travel into the city to get their co-working spaces .Co-working spaces can be found in rural and sub-urban areas in addition to urban areas. This reduces the stress of the commute and makes it easy for the employees to get to the office. A convenient location is important to people. According to a survey, 49% of employees say that it being near to their home is the most important factor of an office location more important than restaurants, coffee shops, parks, and retailers combined. 
If a co-working space is not near an employee's home, it can still be convenient for employees if its near public transportation stops or major roads. Hence ,co-working spaces these days, are built near major stops, or roads, or near societies and apartments.
